(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
(Yuya)
When I was dueling Yuto,
he told me something strange.
That our world has been divided
into four different dimensions.
There's a Fusion dimension,
a Synchro dimension,
and an Xyz dimension.
They exist parallel to the
Standard dimension we live in.
Yuto believes Sora was
transported back to
the Fusion dimension.
(Zuzu)
Isn't that...
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
But what are you doing
with one of Yuto's cards?
He gave it to me, right after
he saved my life.
It seems so unreal.
First I met Yuto,
and then Yugo turned up, too!
We're from
different dimensions,
but we all look
exactly the same!
There's also someone
who looks just like me.
Huh?
When Yuto first saw me,
he thought I was her.
And when Shay saw me,
he called me by the name Lulu.
(Allie)
Zuzu?
(Tate)
We have to get moving!
Come on!
But guys,
I just saw Zuzu over there.
Zuzu can't be here!
She called to say she's
at the arena with Yuya!
Gong's facing Trick Taggart
from the Abracadabra Academy.
Who will you duel, Yuya?
(Tate)
Iggy Arlo!?
(thinking)
Iggy, our styles of dueling
are totally different!
Your way causes pain and shame,
but I duel to make fans smile!
I'll prove that no matter how
rough you play,
there's no way your gonna take
the spotlight away from me!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Nico Smiley)
Oh, my! Gong has been duped
into being blindfolded
by the trickster,
Trick Taggert!
This isn't gonna save you.
Tricks like this
can't fool Gong.
Go get him, Susanowo.
My trick tanked!
That was too easy.
(Nico Smiley)
As fast as you can say
"Abracadabra,"
this duel is done!
So, in the first match
of the second round,
Gong Strong of Paradise
City's prestigious Duel Dojo
defeated Abracadabra
Academy'sTrick Taggart!
That's one.
And Yuya's gonna make it
two for two.
Ja.
Now striding confidently into
the stadium
for the second match
of the day,
You Show Duel School's
own Yuya Sakaki!
(girl)
Go get him, Yuya baby!
(man)
We want Yuya!
Thank you, guys!
Hey, thank you!
Hey, what's wrong?
You kids look more worried
than Yuya does.
We're all nervous because Yuya's
going up against Iggy Arlo.
You saw Iggy's match yesterday,
didn't you?
It gave me bad
goose pickles.
(Tate)
He totally clobbered Kit in,
like, a nano‐second!
Uhh!
Iggy was runner‐up last year,
and this year he looks
even tougher
(Gong)
Ya got that right.
Gong heard he's been trainin'
night and day for this.
So, everybody including Iggy
himself knows
he's the odds‐on favorite to
finish number one this year.
And now, Banded
Warrior Academy's Iggy Arlo!
(crash)
(crashing continues)
He's scary just to look at.
You won't see
this guy smiling.
The Banded Warrior martial
duelists are dead serious.
Why's that?
They all want to win, and that's
all they care about.
You've seen how they duel,
anything goes.
Full force, no‐holds barred,
take no prisoners.
Ryozan Godagawa, the Banded
Warrior Academy's headmaster,
gets criticized for the brutal
way he trains his students.
Waaah!
(Skip Boyle)
But his students pile up
trophy after trophy.
There's no denying
his success.
(Tate)
He sounds... strict.
(Skip Boyle)
Ha! Strict's not the word!
His school's a boarding
school.
The students aren't even allowed
to go outside.
All they do is train.
They can't even see their
parents until they turn pro.
(Frederick) Ach du lieber!
I would run away!
(Skip Boyle)
Maybe you would,
but there's a waiting list
a mile long to get in.
The Banded Warrior Academy turns
out the second highest number
of pros in the business,
just behind Leo Institute.
(Gong)
And the toughest student
that school
ever turned out
is Iggy Arlo.
(Nico Smiley)
Now that you've met our
duelists,
it's time to learn where
they'll be dueling.
And it looks like they'll
be battling it out
in the Bamboo
Battleground!
(Computer Voice)Augmented
Reality Combat System energized.
Generating Action Field.
Iggy, I saw your
duel yesterday.
Hyah!
But it was more like
a demolition derby,
and you were in the driver's
seat.
You're mistaking me for someone
who cares what you think.
Fine, be that way!
I'll show you what I think
of you and your school!
Good, and I'll enjoy
seeing you fail.
Here we go!
Let's duel!
(Computer Voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
Hmph.
(chuckling)
All right, first up,
I'll get this party started
with my always entertaining
Performapal Silver Claw.
(spectator)
All right, Yuya!
(man)
Stick it to him, Yuya!
Aw.
Ha ha ha!
Watch where you are going!
Look out!
Huh?
Aah!
He's eating bamboo leaves
like a panda bear!
I end my turn.
Make your move.
I will.
When I'm through
punishing you,
you'll wish you never
picked up a deck.
I summon the relentless and
ruthless warrior
Hayate, The Earth Star.
(Nico Smiley)Uh‐oh, Yuya's in
trouble 'cause that monster's
got more attack points then
a Kuriboh's got hair!
Hayate, hunt down his
Silver Claw, now.
(roaring)
All right, action time!
Close call.
(Iggy)
True.
But only because
I chose to miss.
Next time,
you won't be so lucky.
Hayate, waste the wolf!
Aah!
(Nico Smiley) And Yuya
takes his first hit!
It's not a total loss.
My Silver Claw goes straight
to my extra deck.
It doesn't matter!
Not cool.
He blocked Yuya
from getting that card!
Yuya got bamboozled.
On your feet. Let's see
what you're made of.
Tripping me up really
tripped me up for a sec.
But I got this.
I'll be ready
for everything you've got.
Starting now!
Nice.
I'll use Scale 4 Performapal
Trump Witch
and Scale 8 Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I can summon monsters from
Level 5 through Level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monster's ready to
swing into action!
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(Nico Smiley)
Sakaki's just summoned
his main monster!
And now is when
the fun starts.
(cheering)
This'll be so great!
Yuya!
A duel that's fun?
Yeah, fun's what
dueling's all about.
The only reason
to duel is to win.
I guess we can agree
to disagree,
but I want to win
just as much as you!
What have we got?
Okay, let's keep the party going
with Performapal Camelump!
All right, Odd‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon
attack Hayate, The Earth Star!
(roaring)
How pathetic, Yuya.
When Hayate's the only
monster on my field,
its special ability
blocks your attack.
Odd‐Eyes was blindsided
by that move!
Well, you're not out
of the woods,
or should I say bamboo
forest, yet!
Is Yuya gonna do what I think
he's going to do?
Yeah, he's got his
Trump Witch all ready
to swing into action!
I'm hoping she doesn't
fall short.
I activate Performapal Trump
Witch's Pendulum ability!
She lets me fuse my monsters
together without using
Polymerization.
I'll fuse Performapal Camelump
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
Now by fusing
the thirst‐quenching drive
of one monster
with the ferocity of another,
I Fusion Summon...
Beast‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
(Nico Smiley)
Yuya's done it again!
He's brought a beastly new
mega‐monster center stage!
And while this beast shines
in the spotlight, his trusty
Camelump and Odd‐Eyes rest
backstage in his extra deck.
Yuya never ceases
to surprise!
He keeps bringing the fun
under the sun!
(Ryozan Godagawa)
Walk with purpose.
Your journey will only
waver if you do.
(Young Iggy)
Sorry, master.
(Ryozan)
Apologies are a sign of
weakness.
(Young Yuya)
Okay, Dad, you ready for me to
take center stage?!
(Yusho)
Ready Yuya, go for it.
Just remember to sprinkle on
some surprise
to make things dueltaining!
I know, and don't
forget to add in the fun!
(Yusho)
That's the spirit!
(Ryozan)
Look at those two fools.
They will amount to nothing.
Dueling is about winning,
not having fun.
The path you will travel
will lead you from such
childish thoughts.
Your parents know
that the Duel Disk
they gave you is not a toy.
It is a means to an end.
Follow the way
of the warrior.
Only when you become one will
you see your parents once more.
We each took different paths
to get to this point.
Now the time has come to see
which path leads to victory
and which leads to defeat
and despair.
The only thing your way
leads to is a dead‐end.
We shall see.
Hmm.
Showtime!
Beast‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon,
attack Hayate, The Earth Star!
(roaring)
I activate
the Action Spell Evasion!
It lets my monster dodge
your Dragon's attack.
(Nico Smiley)
My, my, this Iggy seems
to always
be one step ahead of
Yuya!
You see dueling as a way
to entertain, to have fun.
Now I will show you
the fun in losing.
Enjoy these last moments
of this duel.
Because when I'm through
with you,
you'll never duel again.
Enjoy these last moments
of this duel.
Don't you mean
the last moments of my turn?
This duel's far from over!
I draw!
Prepare for total destruction,
Yuya.
I summon Tenma, The Sky Star!
(growls)
And now I'll fuse these two
warriors with the help
of Polymerization.
What?!
You're going to get pounded.
I'll strike hard.
And bring you down fast.
Never to rise again!
I Fusion Summon
Idaten, The Conqueror Star!
(Nico Smiley)
A major Fusion Summon
from Iggy Arlo!
He came close to winning
it all last year,
and now he's
battling bolder than ever.
That monster's got the same
attack points as Yuya's
Beast‐Eyes.
He's gotta try to one up 'em.
Hmm.
I need an Action Card.
I have some bad news
about this monster's
special ability, Yuya.
Since Idaten's Level is higher
than your Beast‐Eyes,
your dragon's attack points will
drop to zero during battle.
Oh, great!
Beast‐Eyes is gonna lose
all its attack points,
and Yuya's gonna lose 3,000
life points in one strike!
I'm arming Idaten with the spell
Magic Star Sword!
Now whenever I send a spell card
from my hand to the graveyard,
Itaden gains 100
attack points.
Huh?
That doesn't tickle.
And I promise
neither will this, Yuya.
I send the Action Spell
I just found to the graveyard.
So Idaten gains 100
more attack points.
If he keeps sending Action
Spells to the graveyard,
then his Idaten is gonna keep on
gaining attack points!
Huh?
Uhh!
Another Action Spell means
I'm adding another
100 attack points.
Another hundred points!
And another hundred!
And another.
And once again.
Iggy duels like
a bully‐dozer.
That monster's almost got enough
attack points to wipe Yuya out!
I don't see how
he can stop Iggy now.
I can't let Iggy get one more
Action Spell.
I gotta find one quick!
There's absolutely no chance
you can stop me, Yuya.
And why's that!?
You've been skipping in the
sunshine all your life
while I've been struggling
my way thru the darkness
to get where I am.
What are you talking about?!
Everything I ever had
was taken away from me
so I'd focus my whole life
on becoming a champion.
Well, I'm not about to let
someone like you stop me!
We'll see about that!
That card is mine!
It will never be yours!
Idaten, attack Beast‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Idaten's special ability
activates!
Beast‐Eyes loses all of its
attack points.
The path of darkness is the only
possible road to victory.
(roaring)
That's crazy!
Aah!
Whoa.
What happened?
Oh, no.
(all)
Where's Yuya?
(Nico Smiley)
He did it!
Yuya snatched the Action
Card, but he took big damage.
He's only got 100
life points left.
I end my turn.
Maybe your sunny optimism
got you this far,
but the sun's about to set.
Huh?
For you will find that in defeat
lies eternal darkness.
Uhh! Uhh!
Huh?
My turn!
And with it, I will crush any
hope you have of winning!
I activate...
the Action Spell
Mad Hurricane!
This card returns all cards from
my field to my deck.
Hold on.
Yuya must have something up
his sleeve?
I'll use Performapal
Turn Toad and Cheermole
to set
the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
Now I'm allowed to summon
Level 4 monsters all
at the same time.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Coming back are
Performapal Camelump
and Performapal
Silver Claw.
This should be good.
With Level 4 Performapal
Camelump
and Performapal Silver Claw,
I build the Overlay Network.
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons.
(roaring)
I Xyz Summon Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon!
(roaring)
What the... Yuya knows
how to Xyz Summon?
It can't be?
How does he have Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon?!
(thinking)
That monster belongs to Yuto,
not him!
I'm now activating Dark
Rebellion Xyz Dragon's ability.
With it, by using one
Overlay Unit,
the attack points
of your Idaten are cut in half!
And then Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon gains those
attack points.
(roaring)
And what can be done once,
can be done again.
I use the remaining
Overlay Unit
to activate Dark Rebellion's
special ability once more!
It's too powerful!
Show no mercy!
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
decimate Idaten,
The Conqueror Star!
I activate Idaten's
special ability!
When it battles a monster
with a lower level,
your monster's attack points
are completely wiped out!
Xyz Monsters have Ranks,
not Levels.
So that ability
won't save you.
Oh, no, there's
nothing I can do
to stop his Dragon
from attacking!
(Yuya)
Mauling Mandible Charge!
Aah!
(Nico Smiley)
The, the winner
is Yuya Sakaki.
Uh, Nice goin', Yuya,
I guess.
Yuya is seeming
scary.
Definitely.
Yeah, something's off.
Huh?
Iggy!
Here let me help you!
Uhh!
Huh?
I may have won,
but why do
I feel like I lost?
♪